fix(store): remove SelectType<T> implementation due to cannot assign @Select to private/protected property (#1623)
ngxs/store: CHANGELOG.md

- Feature: Logger Plugin - Add filter for Logger Plugin [#1571](https://github.com/ngxs/store/pull/1571)
- Performance: Logger Plugin - Plugin should lazy inject the store once [#1550](https://github.com/ngxs/store/pull/1550)
- Fix: `ofAction*` methods should prevent passing anything except of `ActionType` [#1616](https://github.com/ngxs/store/pull/1616)

> - Fix: remove implement SelectType<T> due to cannot assign @Select to private/protected property [#1623](https://github.com/ngxs/store/pull/1623)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: remove SelectType<T> implementation due to cannot assign @Select to private/protected property [#1623](https://github.com/ngxs/store/pull/1623)
```

Author: done

> - Fix: remove SelectType<T> implementation due to cannot assign @Select to private/protected property [#1623](https://github.com/ngxs/store/pull/1623)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix: Remove the recent `@Select` type safety check due to issues with private/protected properties [#1623](https://github.com/ngxs/store/pull/1623)
```
